# U1.W2: Responsive Design Reflection

* What is responsive web design? Do you like it?  Do you think it's a good practice? Why or why not?
* How do you think smartphones and tablets have changed web design? How do you think new technology will change web design in the future?
* How do you think visually impaired people use the web? Can they? Should we design and development for them?
* What ideas and concepts have resonated with you when learning about the web and design? What seems stupid or doesn't make sense?
* Did you find any resources on your own that helped you better understand a topic? If so, please list it.

* Responsive design is the ability of a webpage to adapt and adjust in order to retain a sensible visual shape regardless of what screensize the device it's being viewed on has. It's a very useful concept and in our age with tons of different devices with different screensizes, I would even say that it's a must have, bacause it's almost impossible to predict how the user is going to access your webpage.
* Originally, smartphones and tablets forced the web developers to create mobile versions of theri websites to specifically tailor them to those smaller screensizes. However, the new technology will allow us to be able to view the same version of a webpage on any screensize, thus saving a lot of time and effort for the developers who won't have to create multiple versions of their websites any longer.
* We definitely should consider people with visual impairment when creating websites, because the Web is a great resource that should available to everybody. I would imagine that in order for such people to be able to view the websites a certain mechanism that allows you to significantly increase the screen resolution would be necessary. However, the webpage would probably also have to be reformatted visually and this is where responsive design might come in handy.
* The concept of changing "px" to "em" made a lot of sense for me. It was particularly nice to get the "target/context = result" formula. I can't say that anything about this concept is stupid; on the contrary, it's all very practical!
* To learn this concept I only used the resources provided on GitHub as well as some of the ones that were posted by fellow students on the Google+ community, e.g., https://developer.chrome.com/devtools/docs/mobile-emulation, http://alistapart.com/article/fluidgrids.